says here you were a lawyer until not
that long ago
what changed I'm sorry about your
brother Jimmy you know you can take some
time off
nobody's gonna ding you for not having a
steady job right this minute let's get
it over with you know
rip the band-aid off right
that's your new job I make my own house
at the moment you have Gus friends
respect I'd want to keep that afar we
out
think you're really gonna like this just
not for me and I don't think it should
be for you either
you have something to tell me if you do
you would be well advised to do so let's
do something beautiful here we make a
bundle it's free money every hour every
day good chunka chunka
good jump we're gonna hit some rough
road
you know why God made snakes before he
made lawyers he needed the practice
that's pretty much the only lawyer joke
I know because all the others are true
stories
you